---
sidebar_position: 6
title: Edit the Blueprint
---

## Torque Autogenerated Blueprints
Torque autogenerates blueprints to provide you with a quickstart, based on your assets (Terraform modules, Helm Charts). You may need to edit the blueprint and adjust it to your specific needs.

### Common Fields

- **spec_version** : should not be changed.
- **description** : may be changed to a better description for your blueprint.
- **inputs** : Torque generates the inputs based on the inputs in your module. The blueprint inputs will be presented to the end user when they launch the blueprint and deploy the environment, so they can fill out the inputs and/or override any defaults. These inputs will be the module's inputs upon deployment. 
Remove any inputs which you don't want to be exposed when the blueprint is deployed as an environment.

### Terraform Specific fields

Torque currently supports only simple types as blueprint inputs for terraform (string, boolean and numbers). The inputs that were autogenerated for you are all simple types inputs from your module.

- **outputs** : Torque generates the outputs based on the outputs of your module. The blueprint outputs will be presented to the end user when they are ready (after the environment was deployed). 
Remove any outputs you don't want to be exposed when the blueprint is deployed as an environment.

- **tf-version** : The terraform version that will be used to deploy the module. Change it according to your needs. 

### Helm Augogenerated Blueprint

Torque currently supports only simple types as blueprint inputs for helm (string, boolean and numbers). The inputs that were autogenerated for you are all simple types inputs from your module. However, you can reference nested values, for example: 

[TBD]  

:::

- **commands** : A list of Helm commands to run before installing the chart.
No need to specify the helm command itself.
e.g, for the command "helm plugin install [options] <path|url>... [flags] " type "plugin install [options] <path|url>... [flags]".

```

inputs:
    obj.replicaCount:
        type: ''
        display-style: normal
        default: 1

```        

The commands are running from the root directory of the repository.

You can reference the default values.yaml file as {CHART_ROOT_PATH}/values.yaml.
and the override values.yaml configured for the blueprints as "../values.yaml" .
({CHART_ROOT_PATH} is the location of the chart files within the repo. If it's in the root, just "values.yaml").

If you have dependencies, add the command "dep up".

